Sprinkle some DANGER: UNSAFE warnings over the spec about event bodies (#3099)
matrix-org/matrix-doc: content/_index.md

`m.room.message` is the event type for instant messages. Events are
usually sent in the context of a "Room".

{{% boxes/warning %}}

> Event bodies are considered untrusted data. This means that anyone using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event bodies are considered untrusted data. This means that any application using
```
